I love those little things cause they give you,
you know what,
that's a good dose.
Before you go on stage,
just a little,
a little quick.
Yeah.
Just a little woo.
Just a little pick me up.
Yes.
Yup.
What is your pre show ritual?
Do you have one?
No,
no.
I I I like to have like,
like you said,
two puffs a week.
Two puffs,
little bit,
a little puffs or deep tracks.
No little puff.
You know Dave got me back on blunts real.
Yeah,
I know.
I was like,
well you able to blank when I first walked in I was like,
Yo Joe,
slow the El Man.
We get it.
You're cool mother fucker.
That's how we use most of the time now when,
uh,
Charlie Murphy got me on them the first time and then um,
I got,
I was like,
this is an interesting experience to be high and then nicotine high at the same
time.
The two t two of them together are unique.
Right.
It's a different feeling.
And then I didn't do it again for a long time until,
uh,
I smoked with Dave and John Mayer name drop that were,
were both smoking that stuff.
It's nice guy.
Yeah,
he's a dog.
He's a very,
very nice guy.
Like,
um,
these vapors shifted like squirt off,
squared out,
smells,
smells and shit.
Oh,
like aroma therapy.
Yes ma'am.
Does this mother fucker just y'all I'm telling you,
you gotta Watch out cause he'll just,
you can tell when he got his enrollment therapy thinking is because he's just
doing like this.
Right.
And then he'll just come by and be like,
so how's everything right.
And then it's probably real though.
It's real.
But he's supposed to give me one of the motherfucking machine and my wand.
Yeah,
if you have one.
I'm like,
I liked the role he had.
Like it was,
um,
like Labradors,
something.
He was like,
it was a crazy color,
crazy way.
He was like,
just Kim just doing like this
wizard of that.
What's that smell that you gotta be careful.
Oh,
but truly,
truly equals hippies,
right?
Is it a petroleum oil?
It's like a type of oil that like people were wearing like a lot of hipsters
were wearing.
Right,
isn't it?
Is it a hipster thing or a hippie?
More hippie.
Hippie.
Supposed to do just a stinky oil people put on a spit chew here I have some
lotion.
I don't have a Whitney like organic,
which some magical elements.
That's pretty good.
Magical elements.
Yeah.
It so what does John Mayer trying to do with this aroma therapy wand is waving
around everywhere.
She's just once sinuses to be open man.
I think he cares about people breathing.
That's considerate,
you know,
but he was,
when he has it,
he's like a different person.
I mean it's like he flight like this powerful and he brings it around people
that had been drinking.
So now you've got to mix the smell of fucking rum and his got damn lavender
machine and he only has one machine.
So once he gets you addicted to it,
you got to chase him.
And he's a little too handsome.
I don't even care about that part.
I just don't want him to have speed chasing him for smells.
Cause the last two times I've seen him,
I was like,
John,
man,
what's up with the fucking um,
vapor thing?
He was like,
you like that,
don't you like he's got like a pimp.
He wants to hold it back from you.
I'm gonna find out who makes it.
Let me get my home.
You should get your home.
Yup.
Maybe I can get them to sponsor my new podcast.
I bet they would do it too soon to,
so I like it.
It's boring.
Born right here.